Cloud changelog - March 30th (#6295)
mattermost/docs: source/install/cloud-changelog.md

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2023-03-30](#release-2023-03-30)
- [Release 2023-03-20](#release-2023-03-20)
- [Release 2023-01-26](#release-2023-01-26)
- [Release 2023-01-16](#release-2023-01-16)
- [Release 2022-12-20](#release-2022-12-20)
- [Release 2022-12-01](#release-2022-12-01)

## Release 2023-03-30

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)

>  - The **Browser Channels** user interface has been updated. The modal now displays joined channels as well as an option to hide joined channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The **Browse Channels** user interface has been updated. The modal now displays joined channels as well as an option to hide joined channels.
```

#### Administration
 - The ``ServiceSettings.PostEditTimeLimit`` config setting no longer affects Plugins, Shared Channels, Integration Actions, or Mattermost Products.
 - The app server no longer starts if the telemetry ID in the systems table doesn't exist. Although there is no action required by the administrators, it may be good to be aware of this change.
 - Added additional values to the support packet.

#### Performance

>  - Writes to websocket now take 13% less memory and also happens 22% faster per message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Writes to websocket now take 13% less memory and happen 22% faster per message.
```
